configure terminal
Enter configuration commands, one per line.  End with CNTL/Z.
aironet-12(config)#hostname aironet-12
aironet-12(config)#dot11 ssid Paul-welcomeToRivan
aironet-12(config-ssid)#vlan 12
aironet-12(config-ssid)#authentication open
aironet-12(config-ssid)#authentication key-management wpa
aironet-12(config-ssid)#wpa-psk ascii C1sc0123
aironet-12(config-ssid)#guest-mode
aironet-12(config-ssid)#default Int Dot11Radio 0
Cannot disable station-role

Interface Dot11Radio0 set to default configuration
aironet-12(config)#default interface gigabitEthernet 0
%command not allowed, cannot remove bridge-group 1
Interface GigabitEthernet0 set to default configuration
aironet-12(config)#int dot11radio 0
aironet-12(config-if)#no shut
aironet-12(config-if)#channel 6
aironet-12(config-if)#encryption mode ciphers tkip
aironet-12(config-if)#encryption vlan 12 mode ciphers tkip
aironet-12(config-if)#ssid Paul-welcomeToRivan
aironet-12(config-if)#exit
aironet-12(config)#interface dot11radio 0.12
aironet-12(config-subif)#encapsulation dot1q 12 native
aironet-12(config-subif)#bridge-group 1
aironet-12(config-subif)#exit
aironet-12(config)#end
aironet-12#